Issue 350: add link to pre-print (#352)
CDCgov/wastewater-informed-covid-forecasting: README.md

# Bayesian generative modeling for heterogeneous wastewater data applied to COVID-19 forecasting

> This repository contains the code to generate the results from our recent [pre-print](https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.64898/2026.02.23.26346887) evaluating in real-time and retrospectively the forecast performance of a wastewater-informed forecasting model, both compared to a model without wastewater data and compared to other models submitted to the  [COVID-19 Forecast Hub](https://github.com/reichlab/covid19-forecast-hub/tree/master) over the 2023-24 epidemic season.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains the code to generate the results from our recent [pre-print](https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.64898/2026.02.23.26346887) evaluating in real-time and retrospectively the forecast performance of a wastewater-informed forecasting model, both compared to a model without wastewater data and compared to other models submitted to the [COVID-19 Forecast Hub](https://github.com/reichlab/covid19-forecast-hub/tree/master) over the 2023-24 winter COVID-19 epidemic in the United States.
```
